Suggestions to update pull request template (#4430)
is-a-dev/register: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Please answer the below questions.

### How do you plan on using your subdomain?

### What is the purpose of the specified records?

### Requirements
- [ ] The file is in the `domains` folder and is in the JSON format.
- [ ] You have completed your website. <!-- This is not required if the domain you're registering is for emails. -->
- [ ] The website is reachable.  <!-- This is not required if the domain you're registering is for emails. -->
- [ ] You're not using Vercel or Netlify.  <!-- This is not required if you're using an URL record. -->
- [ ] The CNAME record doesn't contain `https://` or `/`.  <!-- This is not required if you are not using a CNAME record. -->
- [ ] There is sufficient information at the `owner` field.  <!-- You need to have your email presented at `email` field. If you don't want to provide your email for any reason, you can specify another social platform (e.g. Discord or Twitter) so we can contact you. -->

- Unless explicitly specified otherwise by a **maintainer** or in the requirement description, your domain must pass **ALL** the indicated requirements above.

- Please note that we reserve the rights not to accept any domain at our own discretion.

> ### Link to your website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Website Link/Preview
<!-- Please provide a link or preview of your website below. -->

```

## is-a.dev Subdomain Registration

> Please answer below questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please answer the below questions.
```

> ## is-a.dev Subdomain Registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## is-a.dev Subdomain Registration

```

> ### How do you plan to use your subdomain?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do you plan on using your subdomain?
```

> ### What is the purpose of these records?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is the purpose of the specified records?
```

> →

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Requirements
- [ ] The file is in the `domains` folder and is in the JSON format.
- [ ] You have completed your website. <!-- This is not required if the domain you're registering is for emails. -->
- [ ] The website is reachable.  <!-- This is not required if the domain you're registering is for emails. -->
- [ ] You're not using Vercel or Netlify.  <!-- This is not required if you're using an URL record. -->
- [ ] The CNAME record doesn't contain `https://` or `/`.  <!-- This is not required if you are not using a CNAME record. -->
- [ ] There is sufficient information at the `owner` field.  <!-- You need to have your email presented at `email` field. If you don't want to provide your email for any reason, you can specify another social platform (e.g. Discord or Twitter) so we can contact you. -->

> * Unless explicitly specified otherwise by a **maintainer** or in the requirement description, your domain must pass **ALL** the indicated requirements above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unless explicitly specified otherwise by a **maintainer** or in the requirement description, your domain must pass **ALL** the indicated requirements above.
```

> * Please note that we reserve the rights not to accept any domain at our own discretion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please note that we reserve the rights not to accept any domain at our own discretion.
```

> #### Welcome to the process of manually creating a pull request to get a subdomain from is-a.dev!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## is-a.dev Subdomain Registration
```

> Please awnser below questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please answer below questions.
```

> #### How do you plan on using your subdomain?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do you plan to use your subdomain?
```

> →

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> #### What's the purpose of the records you put in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is the purpose of these records?
```

→

> #### Please check the boxes below by adding a `x` in middle of brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requirements
```

- [ ] The file is in the `domains` folder and is in the JSON format.
- [ ] You have completed your website. <!-- This is not required if the domain you're registering is for emails. -->
- [ ] The website is reachable.  <!-- This is not required if the domain you're registering is for emails. -->
- [ ] You're not using Vercel or Netlify.  <!-- This is not required if you're using an URL record. -->
- [ ] The CNAME record doesn't contain `https://` or `/`.  <!-- This is not required if you are not using a CNAME record. -->
- [ ] There is sufficient information at the `owner` field.  <!-- You need to have your email presented at `email` field. If you don't want to provide your email for any reason, you can specify another social platform (e.g. Discord or Twitter) so we can contact you. -->

* Unless explicitly specified otherwise by a **maintainer** or in the requirement description, your domain must pass **ALL** the indicated requirements above.

* Please note that we reserve the rights not to accept any domain at our own discretion.

### Link to your website

> →

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
